EC-84: Restructure eZ Commerce doc, part 2 (#2)
ezsystems/commerce-documentation: docs/guide/basket/basket_api/basketservice.md

|Method|Usage|Parameters|Return|
|--- |--- |--- |--- |

> |getBasket|Returns basket of current user with state `new`|Request $request</br>string $state|Basket|

Reviewer: a basket ot the current user

> |getBasket|Returns basket of current user with state `new`|Request $request</br>string $state|Basket|

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
|getBasket|Returns basket of the current user with state `new`|Request $request</br>string $state|Basket|
```

> |storeBasket|Stores basket in the database. If necessary, the Price engine is initiated and Prices for Totals are calculated and stored.</br>Also the flag `$allProductsAvailable` is set here. If required the catalog elements are fetched and stored again</br>Parameter `$updateDateLastModified` is used to determine whether `dateLastModified` should be updated in the basket or not|Basket $basket</br>updateDateLastModified|Basket - stored $basket|

Reviewer: a basket
Also,
If required,

> |getBasketGroupList|Get a list of used codes - `GroupCalcList` or `GroupOrderList` depending on `groupType`</br>This function isn't implemented yet.|Basket $basket, $groupType|array - list of used codes|

Reviewer: Gets
isn't -> is not

> |getBasketGroupList|Get a list of used codes - `GroupCalcList` or `GroupOrderList` depending on `groupType`</br>This function isn't implemented yet.|Basket $basket, $groupType|array - list of used codes|

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
|getBasketGroupList|Gets a list of used codes - `GroupCalcList` or `GroupOrderList` depending on `groupType`.</br>This function isn't implemented yet.|Basket $basket, $groupType|array - list of used codes|
```

> |mergeBasket|Merges 2 baskets</br>the lines of the additionalBasket are assigned to the baseBasket|Basket $baseBasket, Basket $additionalBasket|Basket - merged basket|

Reviewer: Should `additionalBasket` and `baseBasket` be formatted as code?

> |mergeBasket|Merges 2 baskets</br>the lines of the additionalBasket are assigned to the baseBasket|Basket $baseBasket, Basket $additionalBasket|Basket - merged basket|

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
|mergeBasket|Merges 2 baskets</br>the lines of the `additionalBasket` are assigned to the `baseBasket`|Basket $baseBasket, Basket $additionalBasket|Basket - merged basket|
```

> |copyBasket|Creates a new basket - with the state 'offered' - based on the given basket. All attributes will be copied.</br>The new basket will not be stored in the DB.|Basket $originBasket|Basket - copied basket|

Reviewer: will -> are
will not -> are not

> |copyBasket|Creates a new basket - with the state 'offered' - based on the given basket. All attributes will be copied.</br>The new basket will not be stored in the DB.|Basket $originBasket|Basket - copied basket|

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
|copyBasket|Creates a new basket - with the state `offered` - based on the given basket. All attributes are be copied.</br>The new basket are not be stored in the DB.|Basket $originBasket|Basket - copied basket|
```

> |removeBasket|Removes basket from the DB. If $withAssigned is true, all baskets that are based on this basket are removed from the DB.|Basket $basket, $withAssigned = false||

Reviewer: Should `$withAssigned` be formatted as code, or variables do not get the format?

> |removeBasket|Removes basket from the DB. If $withAssigned is true, all baskets that are based on this basket are removed from the DB.|Basket $basket, $withAssigned = false||

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
|removeBasket|Removes basket from the database. If `$withAssigned` is true, all baskets that are based on this basket are removed from the database.|Basket $basket, $withAssigned = false||
```

> |cleanUpBaskets|Removes all anonymous baskets from the storage that are older than given $datetime|\Datetime $datetime|int - count of the removed baskets</br>in failure null|

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
|cleanUpBaskets|Removes all anonymous baskets from the storage that are older than given `$datetime`|\Datetime $datetime|int - count of the removed baskets</br>in failure null|
```

|getBasketsForType|Returns list of baskets for given type and status of current user.|Request $request, string $basketType, string $state|Basket[]|

> |getBasketByUserId|Gets a basket from the DB by userId. If not found new Basket  is returned- but not stored in DB.|$userId, $type, $state, $name = null, $splittingCode = null|Basket - found or new basket|

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
|getBasketByUserId|Gets a basket from the database by `userId`. If not found, a new Basket  is returned but not stored in the database.|$userId, $type, $state, $name = null, $splittingCode = null|Basket - found or new basket|
```

> |getBasketBySessionId|Gets a basket from the DB by sessionId. If not found new Basket  is returned- but not stored in DB.|$sessionId, $type, $state, $name = null, $splittingCode = null|Basket - found or new basket|

Reviewer: If not found, a new basket is returned -

> |getBasketBySessionId|Gets a basket from the DB by sessionId. If not found new Basket  is returned- but not stored in DB.|$sessionId, $type, $state, $name = null, $splittingCode = null|Basket - found or new basket|

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
|getBasketBySessionId|Gets a basket from the database by `sessionId`. If not found, a new Basket  is returned but not stored in the database.|$sessionId, $type, $state, $name = null, $splittingCode = null|Basket - found or new basket|
```

> |addBasketLineToBasket|Adds BasketLine to the Basket and stores the Basket in the DB. Is used for throwing and intercepting events.|Basket $basket, $sku, $quantity, $variantCode = null||

Reviewer: basket (lowercase)

> |addBasketLineToBasket|Adds BasketLine to the Basket and stores the Basket in the DB. Is used for throwing and intercepting events.|Basket $basket, $sku, $quantity, $variantCode = null||

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
|addBasketLineToBasket|Adds BasketLine to the Basket and stores the Basket in the database. Is used for throwing and intercepting events.|Basket $basket, $sku, $quantity, $variantCode = null||
```

> |removeBasketLineFromBasket|Removes a BasketLine from a basket. Is used for throwing and intercepting events. Basket is not stored in DB.|Basket $basket, BasketLine $basketLine||

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
|removeBasketLineFromBasket|Removes a BasketLine from a Basket. Is used for throwing and intercepting events. Basket is not stored in the database.|Basket $basket, BasketLine $basketLine||
```

> |updateBasketLineInBasket|Updates a BasketLine in Basket. Is used for throwing and intercepting events. Basket is not stored in DB.|Basket $basket, BasketLine $basketLine, $increase = false||

Reviewer: basket (lowercase)

> |updateBasketLineInBasket|Updates a BasketLine in Basket. Is used for throwing and intercepting events. Basket is not stored in DB.|Basket $basket, BasketLine $basketLine, $increase = false||

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
|updateBasketLineInBasket|Updates a BasketLine in Basket. Is used for throwing and intercepting events. Basket is not stored in the database.|Basket $basket, BasketLine $basketLine, $increase = false||
```

> |createBasketLineForSku|Creates a new BasketLine for the given sku and variantCode|Basket $basket, $sku, $quantity, $variantCode = null|BasketLine|

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
|createBasketLineForSku|Creates a new BasketLine for the given SKU and `variantCode`|Basket $basket, $sku, $quantity, $variantCode = null|BasketLine|
```
